ABBREVIATURE,A cover for a lamp, luminaire.
ABBREVIATURE,In word formation: a noun formed from truncated segments of words, from the same segments in combination with the whole word, as well as from the initial sounds of words or the names of their initial letters, a compound word.	
ABZAC,Red line, an indent at the beginning of a line. Text between two such indents. 
ABBITURIENT,A person entering an institution of higher or specialized education.
ABONEMENT,A document granting the right to use something. as well as the right itself.
ABONENT,A person who uses a subscription, having the right to use something on a subscription. A. library. A. telephone network.
ABORDAJ,In the era of rowing and sailing fleet: an attack of the opponent's ship at close proximity to him for hand-to-hand combat.
ABORIGEN,A native of a country or locality.
ABORT,Premature termination of pregnancy, spontaneous or artificial, miscarriage.
ABRASIVE,A hard fine-grained or powdery substance (flint, emery, corundum, carborundum, pumice, garnet) used for grinding, polishing, sharpening. 
ABRICOS, a southern fruit tree of the Rosaceae family, giving juicy sweet fruit with a large stone.
ABSOLUTE,In philosophy: the eternal, unchanging ground of all that exists. 2. Something self-sufficient, independent of any conditions and relations.
ABSTRACT,To abstract (abstract), to visualize (abstract) something in an abstracted form.
Watermelon,A gourd plant of the gourd family with large spherical sweet fruits, as well as its fruit.
AUTOTRAPH,A handwritten, usually commemorative, inscription or signature. 
BAROCCO,Flamboyant and opulent style in the art of the 17th-18th centuries.2. imm. Having such a style.
BAGGET,Plank for frames and cornices.
BALLON,A spherical or cylindrical vessel of special purpose (for liquids, gases).
BAR,A small restaurant where people drink and eat at a counter, as well as the counter itself.
BAMPER,Buffer of an automobile.
TOWER,A tall and narrow architectural structure. 2.Elevation for guns on ships, tanks, armored cars. 3. High and narrow multi-storey building.
WHITE,Bright, pure white color.
BESTSONNESS,A painful absence, disturbance of sleep.
BESTSELLER,A popular, fastest-selling book.
BIOGRAPHY,A description of someone's life.
BLOCKNOTE,A notebook or little book for making notes, consisting of torn off sheets.
WAGONETCHIK,A worker who drives a wagon.
VALERIANKA,Valerian drops.
BATHROOM,A room in which there is a bathtub.
VOUCHER,Security, giving the bearer the right to participate in the privatization of state or municipal property.
WITCH,In fairy tales, folk beliefs: evil sorceress.
WIND,Movement, flow of air in a horizontal direction.
EXPLOSION,Instantaneous destruction of something accompanied by the formation of highly heated, high-pressure gases; sound accompanying such destruction.
VISA,A mark of an official on a document, authorizing entry into, exit from, or passage through a country, as well as a mark in a passport as a sign of such authorization.
VERSION,Variety, variation, option in the presentation, interpretation of something.
VICHOR,A clump, strand of protruding hair, wool.
Entry, the place where one enters.
Knitted,Made by knitting. 
EXHIBIT,Protruding part of something-n.
TODAY,The day before today.
HEIGHT,The extent of something from the lowest point to the highest.
RACE,Fast movement 2. Excessive haste in what-n. business, haste (colloquialism). Started d. before leaving.3. usually mn. Competition in the speed of movement
GAVANNE,Coastal part of the water space used for parking, berthing and repair of ships, as well as part of the port as a transportation facility.
GARY,1. Something-n. burned. 2. Small, loose residue from the combustion of hard coal. 3. Burned or scorched place in the forest.
GEL,A gelatinous substance possessing some of the properties of solids.
Gene,Material carrier of heredity, a unit of hereditary material that determines the formation of an elementary trait in a living organism.
DEATH,Destruction, destruction, death (from catastrophe, natural disaster, violence).
DEPTH,The same as depth.
DEAD,1. A deep, overgrown place. 2. The same as backwater. To live in the wilderness.
NECK,Part of the leg (in animals - hind limb) from the knee to the dorsum.
VOICE,A set of sounds resulting from the vibrations of the vocal cords. One of two or more melodies in a musical piece, a part in a vocal ensemble.
HORB,A large abnormal bulge on the back or chest of a person, resulting from a deformity of the spine and rib cage. 2. A hunched back.
HOT,1. Having a peculiarly acrid and unpleasant flavor.
CITIZEN,1. A person belonging to the permanent population of a given state, enjoying its protection and endowed with a body of rights and duties 2. An adult human being, and also a form of addressing him.
GRAFIN,A wide vessel with a narrow, long neck.
GRACH,A bird of the raven family with a black, casting in the glossy feathering.
BREAST,The upper part of the front side of the body, as well as a cavity in this part of the body.
DAVKA,A cluster of crowding in disorder.
PRESSURE,The force of the action of one body on the surface of another.
DAMKA,A checker brought to the last row of opponent's squares and given the right to move any number of squares.
DATA,1.Information necessary for some conclusion, decision 2. Properties, abilities, qualities as conditions or grounds for something.
DEBUT,The first or trial performance on stage, in sports, in a new field.2. The beginning of a chess, checkers game.
DECREE,A decree of the supreme authority. D. on peace. D. about land.
TREE,Perennial plant with a solid trunk and branches branching from it, forming a crown. 2. ed. Same as wood (in 2 meaning.).
DEFICIT,A loss, an excess of expenditure over income (special.). 2. Shortage, shortage of something-n. D. in materials. These goods are now in short supply.
DIET,A specially established dietary regimen.
DISK,An object in the form of a flat circle.
EZHEVIKA,related raspberry plant of the family. rosaceous - prickly shrub with edible black berries, as well as its fruits, berries.
EDINOROG,marine mammal of the family. dolphinovyh with a long tusk in the form of a horn.
HUNTER,hunter-professional (obsolete.).
ERUNDA,nonsense, nonsense, nonsense.
EXIDNA,a small Australian egg-laying mammal of the cloacal order with an extended forward face, covered with needles and wool.
UNITY,the same way of thinking as someone else.
FOOD,is the same as food.
Gills,respiratory organs of fish and some other aquatic animals.
Greed,Stinginess, avarice, selfishness. 2. Excessive desire to satisfy one's desire.
HEAT,Hot weather.
Sting,A stabbing part of the defense and attack organ of bees, wasps, scorpions, as well as the common name of the bifurcated long tongue of venomous snakes.
PEARL,1. A single grain of pearl. 2. Treasure, the best ornament (high).
HELL,In an artillery gun: the muzzle of the barrel. 2. The entrance hole in a furnace. 3.The opening of a deep channel going from the hearth of the volcano to the crater (special.).
VEST,Short men's clothing without collar and sleeves, over which is worn jacket, coat, tailcoat, tailcoat, as well as women's clothing of this style.2. Special wide belt worn to hold the body on the water.Rescue g.
Dweller,A person who lives or resides in a place.
JOCKEY,A professional racehorse rider; a specialist in the training and testing of riding horses.
FAT,Organic compound, water-insoluble oily substance, one of the main components of cells and tissues of living organisms.
Grifter A thief, small-time crook.
JOURNAL,A periodical publication in the form of a book containing articles, works of different authors, as well as a separate book of such publication.
JURY,A group of experts who determine prizes, awards prizes, prizes at exhibitions, contests, competitions.
Complaint,An expression of displeasure about something unpleasant, suffering, pain. 2.Official statement with a request for the elimination of any order, injustice.
ZAKOLKA,Zakrepka, hair clip
PLAY,An amusement, game
Fence A fence, mostly wooden.
Misconception The state of one who is misguided, mistaken.
HOARDING, accumulation of something or other, preventing passage, passage
PLANT,An industrial enterprise with mechanized production processes 2. An enterprise for breeding thoroughbred and pedigree animals.
CHANGE,of the first place. Strangeness, confusion in thought, in reasoning
Conspiracy,A secret agreement on joint actions against someone-n. for political and other purposes.
TASK,That which is assigned for fulfillment, an assignment
TASK,That which is worked out, made in reserve, for future work.
PLEDGE,1. The giving (of property) as security for obligations, against a loan
castle,A feudal lord's palace and fortress
WESTERN,1. A trap for animals and birds 2. transfer. Intentionally created circumstances that put someone in a difficult, disadvantageous position.
REQUEST,A document requesting something.
A DISTANCE,flash in the sky - the glow of distant lightning.
ZASADA,1. A hidden location of someone for the purpose of a surprise attack.
INVESTOR,An investor (individual or legal entity) making an investment.
IDEAL,That which constitutes the highest goal of activity, aspirations.
Needle,1. sewing accessory - a pointed metal rod with an eye for threading.
IGRISCHE,A festive gathering of young people with songs and dances.
IDIOT,1. A person who suffers from congenital dementia. 2.Stupid person, stupid, fool (colloquialism).
IZBA,A wooden peasant house
OVERAGE,Same as excess 2.Abundance, fullness
Bend,An arc-shaped curvature.
IZOTOP,An atom of a chemical element that differs from another atom of the same element by its mass.
IMAGE,An idea of someone's inner appearance.
IMPORT,Import of goods, capital, technology from abroad. 2. Imported from abroad goods, products (colloquialism).
INVALID,A person who is totally or partially disabled due to some anomaly, injury, maiming, or disease
INDEX,1. List, index 2.Numerical (or alphabetic) indicator of something. 3. Conditional designation in the system of some n.
ONCE,in a while, from time to time, in some cases
YOGURT,Fermented milk with various additives
IOD,1. A black-gray chemical element. 2. A solution of this substance in alcohol, used in medicine.
CABEL,One or more hermetically insulated wires used to transmit electrical energy or electrical signals over a distance.
CABIN,A small special purpose room
FRAME,A separate image limited to certain dimensions on a photographic or motion picture film, on a television or movie screen, a separate photographic image. 2. A separate episode, scene in a motion picture
KAYF,A pleasant vacation
CACTUS,A southern plant with thick, succulent stems covered with thorns and hairs.
CHANNELIZATION,A complex of facilities for the reception, removal and treatment of wastewater.
A BREAK,in classes (in educational institutions; in some countries - also in the work of parliament) for a holiday or summer time.
CANUN,The day before a holiday, the day before the holiday. 2, peren. The time preceding some event.
PENCIL,1. A writing utensil - a wooden stick with a rod made of a mixture of clay mass and graphite.
KATET,In mathematics: the side of a right triangle adjacent to its right angle.
CATALIZER,A substance that changes the rate of a chemical reaction.
QUALITY,A set of essential attributes, properties, features that distinguish an object or phenomenon from others and give it certainty.
KASHA,A dish made of cooked or steamed cereals. 
CACHEL,A strong, jolting, hoarse exhalation.
SQUARE,An equilateral rectangle, and also an object or area of this shape.
KEGGLEY,Sharp posts, which are placed in a row and knocked down from a known distance by a rolling ball, and also (mn.) the game itself with these posts.
KEFIR,A thick nutritious drink made from fermented cow's milk fermented on special fungi.
ElBOW,The place where the arm bends, where the humerus joins the bones of the forearm (radius and ulna).
LAVANDA,A fragrant ethereal herbaceous or shrubby plant with blue or blue flowers.
LAVANA,A long, more often without posts.
LANCET,A sharp double-edged surgical knife.
LEGION,In ancient Rome: a large military unit. 2.The name of special military units in some countries.
A natural or synthetic remedy.
LIBERALISM,An ideological and political movement that unites supporters of democratic freedoms and free enterprise. 2. 2. Excessive tolerance, indulgence, harmful connivance.
Pouring heavy rain.
LENS,A body bounded by two spherical (or one spherical and one flat) surfaces (special.). 2. Optical glass of this shape. 
LIMIT,A limit.
LIMONADE,A sweet soft drink, usually with lemon juice.
LIFT,A vertically moving hoist with a cab for moving people, cargo.
LITERATURE,A work of writing that has social, cognitive value.
MAVZOLEI,A large tomb memorial structure.
MAGIC,A set of rituals and spells considered miraculous, designed to influence nature, people, animals, and gods.
MAGNIT,A piece of iron ore that has the property of attracting iron or steel objects. 
MAIKA,A knitted, usually lower, shirt without sleeves or collar. 2. Same as a T-shirt. Yellow m.
MAZURKA,Polish folk, stage and ballroom dance, as well as music in the rhythm of this dance.
MALYAR,A worker engaged in painting buildings, premises.
MANICURE,Care of the nails on the fingers and toes.
MASSAGE,Rubbing the body, face for therapeutic or hygienic purposes.
MAST,A vertical structure on the deck (on sailing ships - for setting sails), as well as a structure in the form of a reinforced pole (trunk) for various technical purposes. Bow, stern m. M.-antenna. IIpril. mast, -aya, -oe. M. forest (straight and tall pines, suitable for the manufacture of masts).
MEDPUNCT,dispensary at some institution, enterprise.
MEL,soft white limestone, used in industry, for coloring, writing.
MELODY,A sonorous sequence of sounds forming a musical unity.
METROPOLITEN,Underground, above-ground or elevated (on trestles) urban electric railroad.
Raid,A sudden attack, invasion.
HANGING,A roof or curtain for protection from the sun or weather.
FLOODING The flooding of land by water that has risen from its banks.
AWARD,Something that is given, received as a token of special gratitude, appreciation.
HOPE,Belief that something can be realized.
INSCRIPTION,A short text on the surface of something.
A fine-grained rock used as an abrasive material.
TAX,A fixed compulsory payment levied on citizens and legal entities.
FITTING,Part of a device or instrument, put on something.
TINCTURE,Alcoholic extract of some substance, plant.
Lack of something, found when counting.
LUNCH,A meal, usually in the middle of the day.
OBEDIENCE,An unjustly inflicted affliction, insult, and the feeling caused by it.
EXAMPLE,A demonstration or test piece.
JERELY,Neck jewelry.
LAKE,A large natural body of water enclosed in its banks.
OPERA,A musical-dramatic work in which the actors sing accompanied by an orchestra.
ERROR,An error in a printed text.
ORBITA,The path of motion of a celestial body, as well as a spacecraft, vehicle in the gravitational field of some celestial body.
ORGAN,Part of an organism with a specific structure and a special purpose.
ISLAND,Solid particles in a liquid that settle on the bottom or walls of a vessel after settling.
ISLAND,An area of land surrounded on all sides by water.
ERROR,Incorrectness in actions, thoughts.
FEELING,Direct sensory perception of the properties of objective reality, resulting from their impact on the senses and nerve centers.
PACKAGE,A paper roll, a package of something.
TENT,A temporary room made of cloth, dense material stretched over a frame.
Vapor,Water in a gaseous state.
PALUBE,Horizontal overlap in the hull of a ship, airplane, as well as part of such an overlap adjacent to the outer wall of the ship.
PARAPHINE,A wax-like, light-colored, fusible substance, derived mainly from petroleum, used in industry and medicine.
PASSENGER,One who travels in a vehicle.
PEDAL,A foot lever in cars, musical instruments.
PENNSY Pension A monetary provision for length of service, disability, incapacity for work, or in case of loss of a breadwinner.
TRANSLATOR,A specialist in translating from one language to another.
ROPE,A folded and knotted end of a rope, cord, as well as a part of thread bent in a ring when weaving, knitting.
POSTER,A wall sheet - a large drawing with an explanatory propaganda, advertising or educational text.
WORK,The process of transforming one kind of energy into another, generally being in action,Occupation, labor, activity.
LEVEL plain A flat land surface without high hills, as well as a section of the sea or ocean floor without sharp fluctuations in elevation.
ROBBERY,An attack for the purpose of robbery, murder.
PLANTING,Young plants grown in a sheltered environment and intended for transplanting to beds in the open ground.
DUSK,The time before sunrise, the beginning of morning.
REGION,A large area, group of neighboring countries or territories, districts united by some common features.
RANTGEN,X-ray illumination.
ROBOT,A machine that performs an action.
ROBOT,Growth,The enlargement of an organism or individual organs in the process of development.
MARKET,Sphere of commodity circulation, commodity turnover.
FISH,Vertebrate aquatic animal with fins in the form of fins, breathing with gills.
KNIGHTS, In medieval Europe: a feudal lord, a heavily armed warrior in vassal dependence on his suzerain.
SABOTAGE,Deliberate disorder or disruption of work while observing the appearance of its fulfillment, as well as generally covert opposition to its execution.
GARDEN,A plot of land planted with trees, bushes, flowers, the trees and plants growing there.
GAPOES,High shoes, covering the shins.
SUGAR,A crystalline nutritious white sweet substance obtained from sugar beets or sugar cane.
AIRPLANE,A class of heavier-than-air aircraft designed to fly in the atmosphere.
LIGHT,A stick made of a fatty substance with a wick inside that serves as a source of illumination.
SESSION,Periodically repeated working meetings of an institution, organization, or body.
BLUE,A bluish bruise on the body.
Ciphon, A curved tube for transferring liquids of different levels from vessel to vessel.
WORD,A unit of language used to name concepts, objects, persons, actions, states, attributes, connections, relations, evaluations.
Juice,A drink made from the pulp of fruit.
TABLO,Light signal information board.
TENNIS,A doubles sport played with a small ball thrown with a racket over a net dividing the court.
THEOREME,In mathematics: a statement whose truth is established by proof.
TRYR,A specially equipped room or place for target shooting.
GOOD,A product of labor made for exchange or sale.
TONNA,A unit of mass equal to 1000 kg.
TRACTORY,Line of motion of some body or point.
TRAMWAY,Urban surface electric railroad, and its car or train.
THUNDER,A large, usually dark, dense cloud carrying rain, snow, or hail.
TULLE,A fine mesh fabric.
MURDERER,One who has committed murder.
LOSS,Lowliness, paucity, mediocrity.
HONOR,A respectful attitude based on recognition of someone's merits.
CONFIDENCE,A firm belief in someone or something, conviction.
Fascination,Inspiration, enthusiasm, enthusiasm. Great interest in someone or something.
CORNER,In geometry: a plane figure formed by two rays emanating from a single point.
COAL,A fossilized solid combustible substance of vegetable origin.
HORROR,A feeling of intense dread, to the point of depression, stupor, or numbness.
UNITA3,Sink in the restroom for the drainage of feces, urine.
Success, Luck in achieving something.
MORNING,The part of the day that changes from night to day, the beginning of the day.
STUDENT,A person undergoing training in a skill.
DAMAGE,Loss, loss, damage.
FABRIC,An industrial enterprise with a machine method of production.
FILE,In a computer: a named area of data.
PHAKEL,A light on a handle, usually a short stick with soaked wool wrapped around the end.
FASADE,The front side of a building or structure.
HEADLIGHT,Electric lamp with a reflector in the front (sometimes in the back) part of the car, locomotive, motorcycle and some other machines, illuminating the way.
FIASCO,Failure, total failure.
FORM,A way of existence, the content of the body, inseparable from it and serving as its expression.
FRANK,The monetary unit of France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg and some other countries. 
FOOTBALL,A team game in which players try to kick the ball into the opponent's goal, as well as the corresponding sport.\
FRUIT,A juicy edible fruit from a tree (usually a garden).
HALAT,Household or work clothes that are buttoned up or buttoned from top to bottom.
HALYAVA,free of charge, for free.
CHARACTERISTICS,Description of the characteristic, distinctive qualities, traits of someone or something.
CHEMISTRY,The science of composition, structure, properties of substances and their transformations.
BREAD,A food product baked from flour.
COOLER,A cabinet with a refrigeration device.
CHROMOSOMES, A permanent component of the nucleus of animal and plant cells, carriers of hereditary genetic information.
CRIP,A noise in the respiratory organs.
HIJINA,A small poor house, a hut.
HIRURG,A doctor - a specialist in surgery.
HUTOR,A detached plot of land with a homestead of the owner.
TARAPINA,A wound on the scratched skin.
Tsaritsa, Wife of the tsar.
FLOWER,A bright, often fragrant head or inflorescence on the stem of such a plant.
ZEDRA,The top layer of the peel of a citrus, and such dried and crushed peel as is used as a spice.
Goal,An object of endeavor, something to be pursued, desirable to be realized.
CEMENT,A powdered binding material used in concrete, reinforced concrete, and mortar.
PRICE,The monetary expression of the value of a commodity.
CENSURE,A system of state supervision over the press and mass media.
CENTRIFUGA,Apparatus for mechanical separation of a mixture into its component parts under the action of centrifugal force.
CEREMONY,Established solemn rite, the order of doing something.
CIRCUS,An art form combining the performances of acrobats, gymnasts, clowns, equilibrists, trainers, magicians, musical eccentrics.
DIGITAL,A sign denoting a number.
Tea,A drink infused with tea tree leaves.
WIZARD,Same as a magician.
HOUR,A period of time equal to 60 minutes, one twenty-fourth of a day.
CHAPEL,A small building for prayer, worship with icons and, unlike a church, without an altar.
HUMAN,A living being with the gift of thought and speech, the ability to create tools and use them in the process of social labor.
FREQUENCY,A quantity expressing the number of repetitions of something per unit of time.
CHERNOVIK,Draft manuscript.
CHEBURECK,A flat pie made of thin unleavened dough and filled with minced lamb with spicy seasonings.
HONUOR,The honorable and proud moral qualities of a man; his proper principles.
CHUGUN,An alloy of iron with carbon and some other elements, more brittle and less malleable than steel.
CLEAN,A pure state, kind of something.
STEP,A movement of the foot in walking, running, and the distance from foot to foot in such a movement. 
Puck,A small heavy rubber disk used when playing ice hockey.
SHALASH,A light building made of poles covered with branches, straw, grass.
SHAMAN,some peoples who keep belief in spirits and in the possibility of ritual communication with them: a servant of the cult; witch doctor, able to bring himself into a state of ecstasy.
A HAT, a headdress (mostly warm, soft).
CHASIS,The main part of an automobile, tractor or other vehicle - the frame, on which the body, engine, all mechanisms and parts are mounted.
SHOSSE,Road paved with crushed stone, as well as any road with a hard surface.
STANGA,Sporting apparatus - a metal rod with weights in the form of removable disks at the ends.
NOISE,Sounds merged into a disorderly, usually loud sound.
JOKER,Sharp-tongued and joker, specially kept at the palace or rich bar house to entertain gentlemen, guests amusing antics.
STURM,Attack, decisive attack of a fortified position, fortress.
PENALTY,A monetary penalty as punishment for something.
STUFF,A mass of thick lime, cement and gypsum mortar with sand, used for finishing walls, structures, as well as a dried layer of such mortar.
Rubble,Crushed stone for construction work.
Cheek,The lateral part of the face from the cheekbone to the lower jaw; the front lateral part of the muzzle, head of an animal.
SHIELD,Object of ancient armament in the form of rounded or suglami plane (made of wood, metal, hard leather) to protect against blows, arrows.
Sliver,A thin plate, chipped off a layer of wood.
CLICK,A jerky blow with something hard (usually about a blow with an unbent finger); a soft sound of a short and sharp blow.
EXOTICS,Objects and phenomena characteristic of some locality and unusual for the one who perceives them.
ECONOMICS,A set of production relations "corresponding to a given stage of development of the productive forces of society, the dominant mode of production in society.
SCREEN,A device (originally a stretched white cloth) on which images are projected.
EXPORT,Exported abroad goods, products.
ENERGY,One of the basic properties of matter - the measure of its motion, as well as the ability to produce work.
ELITE,The best representatives of some part of society, grouping, as well as people belonging to the top of some organization, grouping.
ETHICS,Established, accepted order of behavior, forms of treatment.
FLOOR,A part of a building - a series of rooms on the same level.
ECHO,Reflection of sound from objects, echo.
EVOLUTION,The process of gradual continuous quantitative change, preparing qualitative change; development in general.
ESSE,A prose work of small volume and free composition on a private theme, interpreted subjectively and usually incompletely.
SKIRT,Women's clothing from the waist down, as well as the corresponding part of the dress.  
JUBILEE,Anniversary of someone's life, activity, existence of someone or something.
HUMOR,Understanding of comic, ability to see and show funny, condescending and mocking attitude to something.
JUNIOR,An age intermediate between adolescence and maturity; a period of life at that age.
LAWYER,A specialist in legal science, legal matters.
BOX,A receptacle for something, usually quadrangular in shape.
ANCHOR,A metal rod with legs, attached to a chain and lowered to the bottom to hold in place a ship, cormorant, floating lighthouse.
Nucleus,The inner, central part of something.
YAHTA,A large and light sport sailing boat.
PIT,A hole in the ground.
JANUARY,The first month of the calendar year.